So of child routeing almost finished.
Well let's make sure that we can create new recipes and that we can edit the existing ones.
So for this we need a new component.
So let's generate this generator's first I'll use to see.
I again with GC and I want to store it in the recipes folder.
And here I will name it recipe added and I don't want to create this spec file which is why I set it
to false.
So if there's if I shrink down our files and we get this new recipe added folder here with the recipe
edit component We'll work on the content of this file after the forms section.
But I already want to load it and I want to retrieve throughout parameter so to load does and what I
will do is I will go to my app routing module and I will register a new Routier the first route is for
a new recipe.
So maybe new would be a good path so that we have Slash recipes slash knew in the end.
And with that we could load our recipe edit component here and of course you need to add to import your
from the newly created recipes slash recipe edit folder.
Also make sure that it was added to the app module and it's done automatically as always by the Seelye.
But you need to ensure that it is added to declarations and as an import here at the top to have it
work correctly and to be able to load it.
So with that added here we have our new recipe route now all duplicated to all have a colon ID slash
added roud maybe so that we have the idea available in this route because we need to load it but I want
to have a slash added at the end so that it's clear that we're in added mode.
And this is the same component that's also the recipe added component.
I will in the component determine whether we are in edit mode or not.
Now with this set up here if we go back to the application and we enter slash edit afterwards we see
recipe edit works.
So that's great but we will see something maybe unexpected.
If I try to go to slash or recipes flash new now we try to load the detail component and therefore we
get an error or because it basically failed to get a recipe with the ID new.
And that's exactly what went wrong here.
If we wisit recipes slash new due to the way how we ordered our routes it don't try to parse new as
an ID because the route with the dynamic ID parameter comes before the route definition where we have
new hard coded into the path.
So we should switch these two routes so that the new route comes before the route with the dynamic parameter.
Otherwise how would angular know if whatever we pass right now should be interpreted as the new hard
coded path or as add dynamic parameter.
So with this order now we should be able to load new without any issues.
If we hit enter that looks all right and we can also still load the existing recipes so that these paths
are a set up to the missing pieces.
Now to retrieve the ID in the recipe edit component and to determine whether we are in edit mode or
not